hi Amy hi i'm chef tom i got a request
from elizabeth one to learn how to make
chicken pot pie so i got some rice
noodle this is a dry very hard rice
noodle and you soak into like hot water
just from the tap hot water not boiling
water if you soak in the warm water or
the noodle see this they will stick
together and later on it's hard to cook
so you soak in this noodle with the ha
warm hot water about i would say 15
minutes
it was separating like this and this is
for one serving and whom i like to do
for one serving single serving you just
get a nice serving plate and you just
put a little bit the protein and the
vegetable and the pasta here so you know
that's just for you yeah I got some cook
chicken oh you can use russet or a
chicken or you can use the grilled
chicken that you have leftover and I got
some shredded cut carrot green onion
this is the unsalted peanut and I use it
food processor there's where you get
this for garnish or later on I got some
bean sprout in one egg so we're gonna
make the sauce first I'm gonna show you
how to cook now we are going to make the
sauce pad thai sauce I got three
tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and 2
tablespoon of sugar I just put it in the
microwave for a few seconds and we stir
until the sugar and vinegar dissolve
like this give a quick taste this is
going to be your sweet and balanced
taste most people will add 3 tablespoon
sugar and 3 tablespoon of the apple
cider equal amount but I just add two
tables with this summe so I like this
way and about 1 TSP or the pre sauce
and the Thai hot chili sauce maybe one
tablespoon to even how you like it I
like to use some hot chili flake and
some sriracha get the more flavor and
this is the one of the important
ingredient for pad thai sauce
tamari okay see it right here I got from
kogure they have another one in Kroger
or the Hellas market this is a like a
fruit tastes like plum very sour get
them a unique citrus so I'm gonna add in
some two teaspoon here we go and you
keep them a quick taste the sauce
supposed to be look like almost like
glaze and the sauce is pretty strong
flavor mmm I like it nice well-balanced
pad thai sauce and you have to respect
to many different culture in Southeast
Asia the regions everybody cooked your
own pot a sauce so we have to respect
them and this is my version of the pot
pie sauce and that's like six seven way
of the sauce the pot iced I can cook so
I'm gonna introduce to you and now we're
gonna cook we want to make sure the wok
is hot some cooking oil this is good
and we're going to cook the egg first
and then we're gonna stir-fry the
vegetables first
as some ginger and garlic some of which
stir-fry this is just for one serving
for about a minute after one minute
we're gonna end the noodles this Lulu is
not well done cooked yet so we need some
time to cook it through if you cook for
like a few people at a time
I suggest you cannot put a pot of the
board in water and then you cannot add
for the servings of the noodles into the
power of the water just the boy for
maybe you one minutes and they will
soften really quick so we want to see
that little bit covered up well maybe
yeah 15-20 seconds and that will help to
get the new loose often one quick note
of if you cook for a lots of people like
this wah I can cook for four serving if
you cook for eight people I suggest you
use to walk because you want to make
sure you can maintain the temperature
while you cook it very important you see
the noodle is stopping now right
and they still kind of stay dry if your
ingredient that dry that's means your
walk is not high not because you need to
sear those Asian cooking is all about
stir-fry and Sears so this is good now
we're gonna add the sauce the sauce you
add as much as you want and depends how
you like it so I usually just think
about cover up like a dressing the ideal
actually needs to hold entire sauce and
then like in the quick stir
I bought if the city I think this is
good now and the leftover sauce you can
use it for later so now it's very
critical a lot of people just surf like
this so the sauce tastes like dressing
sweet and sour watery which is not a
really good full flavor yet you want to
caramelize the sauce because we have
sugar and all the two marine and all the
good stuff
so what I like to do is I want to keep
stirring and make sure my wok is hot if
they're not hot just cover up for a few
seconds here we go
you see the temperature increase and you
almost want to stir the noodle until I
did I kind of like a stick together
again and I can see the chicken and the
hate have the conversations as the
flavor you just have to try a few time
you know cook a few times you fire good
recipe you just keep trying it until you
master the way you like it oh yeah I can
just tell by looking probably one more
minute there with me
oh yeah I like it hey before you serve
keep them equipped right
mm-hmm
delicious so now if you want to have
more flavor you just add a little more
sauce at a time do the same thing it's
going you don't burn the neuro it's fine
just a little bit and let it stir fry it
caramelize you heat the carmelization
now texture voila so we can know for
some bean sprout right here and some
lime some people like to squeeze peace
of mind and we're just gonna sprinkle
some peanuts this is roasted unsalted
peanut on the top like that and just
it's the most Raksha let me get my
parsley right here here we go
I'm excuse me cilantro Elizabeth does
your chicken pot pie I hope you liked
the video I'm chef Tom thank you for
watching bye